you
hey guys shiny rock pokémon here and
yeah finally back on I'd always been
like two or three weeks since i've done
a giveaway but yeah I'm back now so yeah
I hope you guys like that's my little
beginning intro that I just did I just
barely made that thing and I was hoping
if you guys would like it so I feel free
to tell me if you like it or not or
don't or whatever you all right so yeah
so now the winner so lastly skip not now
squeaks like two or three weeks ago like
the very last year way you guys know
what I mean that last gateway program
will be p.m. like the winners in a new
see how long maybe like two days or so
proud of the kalbi kind of busy tomorrow
so maybe like the deck you tomorrow k so
yeah now for this week i'll be giving
away three other pokemon pokemon black
and white now honestly I have no idea
how to say their names so excuse me
while I read this all right this green
one with green hair mellow tita also
giving away this the eunuch wanting to
eat jelastic and this frog toad thing to
do together ghetto or something I don't
know but yeah i'll be giving those away
and like always just comment down below
in the in the videos comment box or
comment on my channel whichever and yeah
i'll be giving it away i'm not sure if
you get them as shiny so i'm gonna like
continue trying cuz black and white
doesn't really same thing about it on
the internet in the chances of finding
them in shiny or not the chances you
know like one out of like 10,000 or
something so yeah so for now I'll just
be constantly like checking in like you
know like trying to fight them in the
wild and yeah other than that thanks for
watching guys and you know I'm back on
now so yeah don't say I'm didn't so
comment below your friend code say
please tell me which ones you want and
yeah oh and then those min I want to
talk about like my friend code not
working well yeah from not one I'm
listenable my friend code could I like
this brand-new specific friend code
number in give way to like the specific
ministers I don't want to watch people
to add me in here so yeah so for my
friend code you gotta get a
you are like the like 20 actual winner
so yeah I can well thanks for watching
I'm happy to be back and I'm saying like
I said earlier I'm super sorry for night
you know you know doing have a giveaway
be alright guys watch it burn are right
so I'll see you guys later
Oh